---
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Govigedit 2.0.0 changelog

:::note
If you are updating from Govigedit 9 or less, make sure to follow the instructions [here](guides/updating)
:::

- Refactored map issues code
- Added issue count to map issues. 
- Added triangle count checker to map issues. 
- Added asset browser window. This shows all of the frequently used assets (prefabs, materials, models, scenes, etc), as well as allowing users to add their own asset groups. 
- Added new option for button to be triggered by the giant only (instead of all rigidbodies, although that is still an option)
- Added new option for button to be triggered by objects named certain things. If set, any object that has the specified text in its name will trigger the button.
- Fixed map issues not showing all bad components.
- Added ability for moving platforms to be triggerable. To use, add the Triggerable component to your moving platform, place a TriggerButton, and within the button script, add the moving platform to the `Targets` array. 
- Added new component `TriggerPush`. This will add the force specified to any physics object that enters over every second. Note that this is additive. There are also overrides for warriors, and warriors who are not on the ground (referred to as jumping warriors). 
- Added new component `QualityLevelsGroup`. This is used to show different art depending on whether a user is on Quest 1, Quest 2 or PC for per device optimization. 
- Added new component `Owner`. This will be used with the scoreboard to mark who damaged who and with how much damage. It is recommended to add this component to all existing rigidbodies. 
- Changed interactable object builder to add `Owner` component. 
- Changed `WarriorStartPosition` to use new warrior model.
- Removed `RigidbodyTemplate` prefab in favour of interactable object builder. 
- Changed most component's inspectors to have tooltips, headers and spaces.
- Changed severity of `DestructibleObject` issue from warning to error. (The issue being if your DestructibleObject view array is not the same size as the health, it will flag it as an issue that needs to be fixed.)
- Added giant boundary map issue checker. The giant boundary will now flag an error if the points array does not have at least 3 points in it.
- Added keybinds (shortcuts) to common Govigedit tasks (asset browser, map issues, export map)
- Changed organisation of Govigedit menu bar
- Added Kairos to example maps folder (required meshes are in Govidad/Common/Mesh/Kairos)
- Changed the documentation dramatically. Updated all pages. Backend is now docusaurus instead of docsify.
